added enableSoftwareInstallation argument documentation (#1)
eclipse/rcptt-website: source/documentation/userguide/runner/arguments.md

memoryUsage |If specified, print AUT memory usage in Runner stdout| This argument does not have value |	No
tests  | Semicolon-separated list of test name glob patterns (* - any chars, ? - exactly one char). If this argument is set, RCPTT runner executes listed test cases only.	This argument also works with combination with `suites` argument, i.e. at first Runner collects all tests from provided suites and then filters it by test names | -tests myTest.test or -test myTest* | No
reuseExistingWorkspace | If present, autWsPrefix is treated as full path to the existing workspace. This workspace is never recreated and always reused.| This argument does not have value |	No

> enableSoftwareInstallation | Enable support software installation in the AUTs launch configuration| This argument does not have value |	No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enableSoftwareInstallation | Enable support software installation in the AUT| This argument does not have value |	No
```
